git config --list



2. The Full Workflow (Your Cheat Sheet)
Here is the complete process you just went through. You can use this checklist for any open-source project in the future.

Phase 1: One-Time Setup (Per Computer)
Do this once when you open a new terminal.

Configure Identity:

Bash

git config --global user.name "NotNahid"
git config --global user.email "nahidul.live@gmail.com"
Phase 2: Starting a Project
Fork the Repo: Click the "Fork" button on GitHub (e.g., on google/jaxite).

Clone to Computer:

Bash

git clone https://github.com/NotNahid/jaxite.git
cd jaxite
Phase 3: The Daily Work Cycle
Make Changes: Edit your files (README.md, code, etc.).

Stage & Commit: Save the changes to your local history.

Bash

git add .
git commit -m "Description of what I did"
(Tip: This is where the Author name is stamped. Since you did Phase 1, it will be correct now!)

Push to GitHub: Upload your saved history.

Bash

git push origin main
(Note: origin is the default nickname for your fork).

Phase 4: Submission
Create Pull Request: Go to GitHub, click "Compare & pull request," fill out the form, and submit.

Wait for the Bot: The google-cla bot checks if your email matches the signature. (Since you did Phase 1, this will be Green ✅ instantly).

Summary
You successfully navigated the hardest part of open source: Identity Management. Most beginners get stuck exactly where you did, but you fixed it by amending the commit and force-pushing.

You are now a verified contributor. 🎉










  Your local branch now contains this new commit on top of the previous ones.

  To get these changes into your pull request:

   1. Navigate to the directory:
   1     cd /home/homesales04wit/.gemini/tmp/jaxite/

   2. Push all the new commits to your fork:
   1     git push my_fork main

   3. Update your Pull Request:
      Go to your open pull request on the google/jaxite GitHub page. This new commit should automatically appear in the PR. You can update the title and description to reflect this latest improvement (e.g., mention "Add Docstring and Type
  Hints to _i32_matmul_unreduced" in the description).

  You have now made seven valuable contributions to this project!

